[Music]
tsa the bban and
Isra Sou
[Music]
take smoke in vicinity indicates cross
shing
great
[Music]
See, this oven is the only source of sustenance if you get drunk
with war or other than
war, like this. The world without work has nothing in it.  The taste of
my family or I want to wait for someone
to come to me like they say
help I decided not to leave the store
[music]
ever
for week leban has been und front for
isra now the
crossing increasing in scale and
intensity this has forced tens of
thousands of lebanes toe their homes  but
also put the lives of those who decid
[Music]
atk is the harvest
season for farm neighboring towns
picking is particularly dangerous
Picking olives and livestock, and all our work is in
agriculture, we have no alternative. I mean, spreading
this land on which we were raised.
Every time we are almost on the
front lines, we notice the movement of people, that
is, and the movement around is slow, because these are the lines.
Call them almost the front lines. We are in a village
called Majdal Salam. Hala.  This farm is almost the
first line of fire, and this farm
used to be. Before the war, you used to see it. It
means it is full of people, population, trade,
traffic, and so on. As you can see, it is empty and there is no
one in it.
With this
problem, I personally take
wise directions on the phone. I am
forced, and most of the farmers are as well.  In general, in the same
way, I go to schools. Every strike that comes out
expects that it will come, in the van, or in the school they
are
in. Never resist, Professor. It is the culture of this young man who is
10 or 12 years old. If the
brain image taken from him is removed, it
will cause him defeat, and we are defeat in the dictionary.
This school has a lot of deficiencies. I mean, like our year
last month
[music]
it is washed with electricity. It's a power unit. I
mean, Azareh is a little bit old, but it's very short. The
world of displacement and migration is a special situation. We are not
ours, nor is any situation. I mean, any country in the world
would accept that a displaced person has a situation like this, for example.  Our situation is: there is
no money, no schools to eat, no, what more do you want?
[Music]
If international organizations and humanitarian agencies do not
support us, we will not have any security or any requirements.
The displaced people. We have human resources, and we have
many people who serve the people, and
the people will accept. There is no problem, but the problem is that you are done
[Music].
Resources
[Music]
Beirut
me